eight battle continues to be an all
Nissan affair we made the point that
they are seeking their fourth
consecutive win as a team and that would
be a record not to knock for a brand
Porsche ran off a string of something
like 13 in a row here comes the battle
for the lead they have been in the pits
we've had a driver change on the 83 car
it is now Derek Daly at the controls
Chip Robinson was also on pit road but
if it's tough but stayed in the car
getting in the hour that he needs to
qualify for points he driving with a
broken rib here today and it looks like
they're gonna continue to swap the lead
let's see if he'll make the move here
nope not right there but are they close
and he is gonna try to get inside man
that night racing these guys are driving
like they don't like it look at look at
the rubber that's late being left off
that tire he's putting down huge strips
of rubber side-by-side up the street all
right finish the lap er and Robinson's
got him covered I believe Rosser
Nationals tell you what that is quite a
show and a tremendous show of confidence
in the two drivers you've come at a time
again that it's scary to have a run of
that close together it is I mean even
from a potential team manager standpoint
to watch this take place is very
nerve-racking let's see what we can find
out about the Nissan strategy ricktum
rule is standing by and the leaders
well Cass Kasner is the Nissan
Motorsport and if your hand is own
personal skybox we'll call it here Lane
and let's talk about the strategy he is
there a team strategy is they were
concerned about having these two guys
going head to head
I mean they've done it for several years
now so we're not concerned about that
bar winning the race is always a concern
is there a night time stranded you
change the strategy to get to Darden no
all of them are very very good at night
that in fact as we were pretty darn
quick I'm very very pleased about the
night time so it looks like it's clear
doesn't look like there's any rain so I
don't see any problem with it but
there's no orders on who does what will
that change during the right now John
expected to win the race if you can well
that is the confidence that engenders
the kind of action that we've seen here
thus far let me elaborate a little on
just what we mean by consecutive
victories for a team ntp i the nissan
the performance technologies team based
here in the states going for their
fourth victory two others have won three
in a row
beginning with Briggs Cunningham who in
fact won the race three times in a row
1953 54 55 with three different cars a
cunningham and oscar and finally a
jaguar and here of course it has been
all these potent Nissan's in the last
three years and thus the sign we
mentioned earlier anybody but Nissan and
the natives are restless
looking for someone new to win this race
but I certainly have a sense that
barring something dramatic Isan may be
headed for the record book here well it
does show a lot of confidence in the
cars when these drivers are allowed to
literally flog them a little point two
you can see on the roof of the 84 car
it's a white light when you get a chance
to look at the number 83 car you'll
notice it's a red light and what this
does is to make the job of the crew
chief easier at night when these cars
come out of this final turn to come up
this straight as her approaching the
crew chief may have half a million
candlepower staring him in the face he
can't tell which car is which but by
looking up at the roof the light will
show that yes he is looking at whichever
particular car he wants we get glimpses
of the number 99 Toyota the feat pit
stop exchange to which we refer to the
beginning of the segment the one that
put Derrick Daly in the car also saw the
Toyota
come on pit road and it was an extended
stop so while the Toyota is still on the
lead lap Juan Manuel Fangio has now
fallen into the clutches of the leader
chip Robinson and is in danger of going
a lap down once again so he's got a
hustle he could very easily what we
expect may have taken place as for a
brake pad change these cars run
different brake rotors and they would
for a sprint race now in a sprint race
you get a rotor the time to drill the
series of holes and very defined
patterns on the rotor itself for heat
dissipation for an endurance race like
this you want as much material as
possible on the rotor and it makes your
braking distances go up slightly but at
least you're not worried about the road
are wearing out before the end of the
race a downside after on
Sode for this result we may change two
or three times the sets of pads on the
car so maybe Toyota went through a pad
change but if indeed they did they have
done it past the halfway point and can
now go the rest the race on those paths
Robinson will be attempting here to put
another lap on the number 34 show which
continues to soldier on the Moretti's
Cigala handler Arie Yost entry that's
the red car about to fall and I believe
that's going to be six laps behind so it
would certainly take some major
misfortune for the Japanese teams out
front to allow the Germans to extend
their remarkable record here at Sebring
by far and away the all-time winner in
terms of makes the the Porsche but here
is the number 99 Toyota and there you
see next in line the 84 Nissan
definitely closing up and trying to put
that car lap down and I'm sure there's
no doubt about that stranded call it's
get those guys on the road definitely he
would have been advised the Turner was
just ahead and would be told by the crew
go ahead and pass them stretch the car a
little bit if you have to but pass the
Toyota because if a pace car were to
come out again at this point the turret
or could make up that entire lap and get
right back on the tail of the field
whereas if he gets past him that's it
he's down one lap and has to stay there
the opposite happened of course not long
ago previous full course yellow worked
to the advantage of the Toyota as they
were able to make up an entire lap
basically for free but the long pit stop
is good
of going a lap down once again the two
Nissan's and the Toyota are all on the
lead lap and are the three contenders to
win this 40th running of the Sebring
race we should clarify one other point
if you're paying close attention you may
have noticed that we're talking 40 years
of history and yet the first race here
was in 1950 first race was not